I remember my mom, dude, when I was a kid one time, Oh dude,
this is the best one time when I was a kid, um, my,
my brother and I got in a fight and he was on the ground
and I was joking with him.
I took out my penis and I was like, I'm going to pee. I'm going to pee on you.
If you're so little. I remember this though. I legitimately remember this.
And my brother says, no, no, no, no. And I say, don't move. If you move,
I'm going to pee on you. And my brother's like, no, no, no. And I remember like,
you know, I was, I was too young to understand that this wasn't going to work,
but you know how, like you can do like a Flint,
you make someone flinch and you pretend like you're going to punch him,
but you don't punch him.
You just pull a punch back and they see you pull your punch back and they go
like, wait, um, I don't. And then the joke is like, ha ha, almost got, gotcha.
I did that with my PIs. And you can't. I was like,
if I pretend I let my body PR like, let go.
And I was like, I'm just going to pretend to pee. I did the flinch.
You can't flinch. Your is going to come out.
So I stopped my, I, I went to be a little bit and then stopped it.
But I realized too late that you can't do that.
Cause then is going to come out.
But like I thought the pins were going to get sucked up, back into my penis
and my brother goes no.
And it legit just went right in his mouth.
He went, no, and it goes, and he goes,
and, and I go, Oh, and my,
and my brother ran downstairs and he was like, ma and I,
and I remember thinking, all right,
if I just commit,
she won't believe that I did that. And it'll be like,
Matt's making it up. And I ran right after him. And Matt was like, mom,
Chris in my mouth. And I said, no, I didn't. Why would I do that?
And my mom was like, Matt, he was a key dad. And I was like, mom,
why would I pee in someone's mouth? That was the first time I ever
really lied.
Yeah.
And, uh,
we've admitted it since obviously I've come clean to my mommy that it did in my,
my brother's mouth. My mom would get so mad at us. Sometimes dude,
she would always say this was her line dude, when we were around upstairs.
And she was downstairs cooking Portuguese, which smelled like dogs.
Anuses my mama cooked pierogies dude,
dude, I would get dude. They would smell so bad. I guess she liked them,
but I would be like, mom, please don't cook her. [inaudible] she be like,
she's like, we're, I'm gonna, we're going to have pirogues tonight, but no,
I'm not eating it. I'm not, you broke it.
Never at Prague is glue because they smelled so bad. And she was like, well,
they're a Polish dish. And ever since then,
anytime someone says like Polish food, I'm like, Ugh. I was like,
what the is the smell? I was like, mom, what's the smell. She's like,
I think it's the butter. The way I cook it, dude, I would, I would be like,
when you tell, when you cook pirogues, please tell me.
So I could stay in my bedroom with the door closed.
Cause it would stink up the whole house anyway.
Uh, what a little brat kid too, just didn't want to eat. Well,
my mom was making him in my younger brother's mouth. Cool Dick. Um,
but my mom, anytime we were around, my mom would say,
by the way, she never hit us once, but she would come. She would always say,
I'm coming up swinging.
She would be like stop right now or I'm coming up swinging
laugh, dude. Cause we would think of my mom coming up,
just like flailing her arms and.
My brother always thought of imagined her with the wooden spoon. Just like,
like just blindly swinging and we'd have to move out of the way dude.
We would laugh. We would be fighting each other. And then my mom will be like,
I'm coming up swinging.
And then we would start laughing and then bond over it and then become best
friends. So thanks mom for that.
Thanks for threatening us about coming up, swinging.